I'm going to share some elbow
combinations with you and this
particular combination we're mostly
finishing punch combinations happen say
for instance we throw a helmet strike
strike Kelvin combination the ball have
to rebound so we're going to do is take
it out of the norm and we've been carry
through with a seven punch combination
where am I supposed to let the ball come
back we're not going to come backwards
I'll follow through see I'll do it again
it looks like an eight punch combination
but it's not so I trick here so I'll
count it out to you 737 punches but
that's another way to do and here's a
one combination i really like the most
is that five punch combination is going
this partner strike elbow and now
strikeout was really hard to do anything
with strike elbow because much of a
double hit is God to come back so again
to care that punch well with my
exhibition strike is and I'm going to
carry their punch a carbon-free to the
side here using that's finish do it
again just that's quick it can be done
the most dangerous weapon that I have
and
this is each side so razor-sharp
you